
#-OrangeHRM Application LogInPanel Element property-the locator is id
OrangeHRMHomePageLogInPanelTextProperty=logInPanelHeading
#-OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page of UserName Element Property -is locator is id
OrangeHRMHomePageUserNameProperty=txtUsername
#-OrangeHRM Application LogIn Page of Password Element Property -is locator is id
OrangeHRMHomePagePasswordProperty=txtPassword
#-OrangeHRM application LogIn button Element property-the locator is class
OrangeHRMHomePAgeLogInButtonProperty=button
#-orangeHRM Application HomePAge validation of WelComeAdmin Element Property is id
OrangeHRMHomePageWelComeAdminProperty=welcome
#-OrangeHRM Application PIM Element property -The locatoe is linkText
orangeHRMHomePAgePIMProperty=PIM
#-orangeHRM application Add Employee Property Eelemnt -the locator is linkText
OrangeHRMAddEmployeeProperty=Add Employee
#-orangeHRM Application Add Employee PAge Text Element -the locator is xpath
orangeHRMApplicationAddEmployeeTextproperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div/div[1]/h1
#-orangeHRM Application Add Employee PAge First Name Element -the locator is id
orangeHRMApplicationFirstNameproperty=firstName
#-orangeHRM Application Add Employee PAge Middle Name Element -the locator is id
orangeHRMApplicationMiddleNameproperty=middleName
#-orangeHRM Application Add Employee PAge Last Name Element -the locator is id
orangeHRMApplicationLastNameproperty=lastName
#-orangeHRM application Employee ID value Element property-the locator is id
orangeHRMApplicationAddEmployeePageEmployeeIDProperty=employeeId
#-orangeHRM application photo value Element property-the locator is name
orangeHRMApplicationAddEmployeePagePhotoProperty=photofile
#-orangeHRM Application Save Button Element Property-the locator is id
orangeHRMApplicationsaveButtonProperty=btnSave
#-orangeHRM Application Personal Details text Page Element-the locator is xpath
orangeHRMApplicationPersonalDetailsProperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div/div[2]/div[1]/h1 
#-orangeHRM application Personal Details Firast Name Element Property-the locator is name
orangeHRMApplicationPersonalDetailsFirstNameProperty=personal[txtEmpFirstName]
#-orangeHRM application Personal Details Middle Name Element Property-the locator is name
orangeHRMApplicationPersonalDetailsMiddleNameProperty=personal[txtEmpMiddleName]
#-orangeHRM application Personal Details Last Name Element Property-the locator is name
orangeHRMApplicationPersonalDetailsLastNameProperty=personal[txtEmpLastName]
#-orangeHRM application Personal Details Photo Above Name Element Property-the locator is xpath
orangeHRMApplicationPersonalDetailsPhotoAboveNameProperty=/html/body/div[1]/div[3]/div/div[1]/div/h1
#-orangeHRM Application Employee List Element property -the locator is linkText
OrangeHRMAppliationEmployeelistProperty=Employee List
#-orangeHRM Application Employee List Table Element property -the locator is class
OrangeHRMAppliationEmployeelistTableProperty=inner
